Planes - This is a simulation program where the user may choose what the chances of an outcome happening. They choose the chances of a plane arriving, departing, the time it takes for a plane to depart, the time for it to arrive, and the total amount of time the simulation runs. This is assuming there is only one runway and a plane that is departing takes priority over a plane that is arriving. There a plane object each time a plane is departing or arriving that has a number, a flag of whether it is leaving or not, fuel amount, and the amount of time it takes to process. At the end of the simulation, the program will display the number of planes that crashed, landed without crashing, the number of planes that have departed with fuel and the number that departed or were turned away because of their lack of fuel.

Banking - This program is one of the biggest I have made so far. This is a smaple bank where a person can create a user for a atm-like interface with a small GUI. It has basic features that will ask them thei name, email, and the amount of money they will be despoiting, along with a password. There are other basic features that will allow the user to deposit their money, withdrawl their money (but will not let them overdraft), check their balance, and check their personal information. There is also a manager feature that is the same logging in, but has nothing to do with money. The manager can check on accounts as well as delete accounts. There are two class objects that are created for each person that are connected by using a HashMap. When the program starts, it tries to read from a file if it exists and adds prior information from previous times this has been used, and at the end, it writes out to the file for next time. I should have used a try/catch block, but I had not learned it yet.
